Add security recommendations for microfrontends (#2783)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/console/docs/03-03-CR-security-guidelines.md

---
title: Security guidelines for MicroFrontend and ClusterMicroFrontend CRs
type: Details
---

> We highly recommend to include the following configuration to your `MicroFrontend` or `ClusterMicroFrontend` web server config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, apply the following instructions when you define MicroFrontend or ClusterMicroFrontend custom resources in the web server configuration file:
```

Author: not applicable after discussing it.

>  - Make it only accessible through HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Make the configuration accessible only through HTTPS.
```

Author: not applicable after discussing it.
